vivarium best practices: monte carlo uncertainty (#982)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/model_design/concept_model/monte_carlo_uncertainty/index.rst

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

What is Monte Carlo Uncertainty
--------------------------------

.. todo::

  Link to some good existing resources. Anybody know of any good ones?

Uncertainty Parameterization in Vivarium
-----------------------------------------

What is a draw?
++++++++++++++++

> We can think of a draw as a single iteration of some calculation or model run within a series of calculations or model runs that make up the summary estimates. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand what is meant by "iteration" here. I don't know the clearest way to explain what a draw is, but I'd start with (or at least include) that a draw is a sample from a probability distribution and that we use the 1,000 draws/samples to represent the distribution, instead of using a continuous density function.

Author: Yes, this is much more clear. I updated to include this language and also added in a link to a monte carlo overview resource which will hopefully also provide some more context. Thanks!

Simulated population size per draw will directly affect the impact of stochastic uncertainty in simulation results. You can think of this like stochastic uncertainty in coin flip experiments. If you flip a coin a small number of times, you may not be surprised if you see tails more or less than 50% of the time. However, if you flip a coin *many* times, you will expect that you will see tails pretty close to 50% of the time. In this same way, if we have a small number of simulants in our population, we should not be suprised if we simulation outputs vary from expected population rates due to random chance (stochastic variation). However, as we increase the population size, we should expect that simulation outputs will be generally closer to expected population rates.

Interaction between random seeds and simulated population sizes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Generally, a researcher should communicate to the engineers the desired simulated population size per draw for a given simulation (see below for how to select an appropriate value for this parameter). Then, the engineers (perhaps with input from the researchers!) will determine an appropriate number of subgroups to divide this population across to optimize the balancer between the amount of cluster nodes/memory as well as the run time duration that the simulation will take. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, a researcher should communicate to the engineers the desired simulated population size per draw for a given simulation (see below for how to select an appropriate value for this parameter). Then, the engineers (perhaps with input from the researchers!) will determine an appropriate number of subgroups to divide this population across to optimize the balance between the amount of cluster nodes/memory as well as the simulation's run time. 
```
